(GH-2899) Add built-in log module (#2908)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/writing_plans.md

For information on configuring log levels, see [Logs](logs.md).

### Log functions

Bolt ships with built-in functions for logging at each of Bolt's log levels.

| Log level | Plan function |
| --- | --- |
| `trace` | [`log::trace`](plan_functions.md#logtrace) |
| `debug` | [`log::debug`](plan_functions.md#logdebug) |
| `info` | [`log::info`](plan_functions.md#loginfo) |
| `warn` | [`log::warn`](plan_functions.md#logwarn) |
| `error` | [`log::error`](plan_functions.md#logtrace) |
| `fatal` | [`log::fatal`](plan_functions.md#logfatal) |

### Puppet log functions in Bolt

You can use Puppet log functions in Bolt plans, but Bolt log levels do not map
directly to Puppet log levels. For example, a `notice` function in a plan logs

> at the `info` level in Bolt. Whenever possible, use Bolt's log functions instead
> of Puppet's. Log levels map as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at the `info` level in Bolt. Whenever possible, use Bolt log functions instead
of Puppet log functions. Log levels map as follows:
```
Generally, we try to avoid using product names in the possessive. It's a style thing that I tend to be kind of lenient on, but in this case I think it's better to avoid it.
